Grandpa
What did you do to my grandfather?
I'm just a little bit
Just make him listen
Who knew his old arms and legs were so useless
Suddenly fainted
You do this
There will be retribution
Retribution is the last thing I fear
Baiqianzi
All of you Bai family
Including crabs
It's all in here.
Now their lives
But it's all in your hands
What do you want?
It's simple, if you do me a small favor
Put Zhou Xiao's fake word by word
Come again, our lord
It's impossible to communicate with him in depth
Do you think you still have the qualifications to say no?
Did you see it?
Bai Qianzi
I don't care about your life at all
Bai Qianzi, why are you so selfish?
If you want to die, why take us with you?
If I have no money, if I am killed by you
Ghosts won't let you go